uncommon, unusual
uncommon, rare
uncommon, extraordinary
uncommon, exceptional
unusual, uncommon
unusual, rare
unusual, extraordinary
unusual, exceptional
rare, uncommon
rare, unusual
rare, extraordinary
rare, exceptional
extraordinary, uncommon
extraordinary, unusual
extraordinary, rare
extraordinary, exceptional
exceptional, uncommon
exceptional, unusual
exceptional, rare
exceptional, extraordinary
impractical, unrealistic
impractical, impossible
unrealistic, impractical
unrealistic, impossible
impossible, impractical
impossible, unrealistic
transnational, international
transnational, global
international, transnational
international, global
global, transnational
global, international
concerned, preoccupied
concerned, obsessed
preoccupied, concerned
preoccupied, obsessed
obsessed, concerned
obsessed, preoccupied
interesting, moving
interesting, exciting
