=== 0
first, second
second, third
third, fourth
third, fifth
fourth, fifth
fifth, sixth
sixth, seventh
seventh, eighth
=== 1
known, famous
famous, legendary
=== 2
dim, dark
dim, gloomy
gloomy, dark
dark, black
=== 3
close, near
close, intimate
=== 4
nearby, close
near, nearby
near, close
close, adjacent
near, adjacent
=== 5
wide, good
sufficient, good
good, full
=== 6
real, serious
real, grave
solemn, serious
serious, grave
=== 7
interesting, fascinating
interesting, entertaining
interesting, intriguing
interesting, amusing
interesting, exciting
intriguing, fascinating
exciting, fascinating
amusing, entertaining
entertaining, exciting
intriguing, exciting
amusing, exciting
=== 8
far, removed
far, further
far, farther
farther, further
=== 9
acceptable, right
alright, okay
okay, right
alright, right
=== 10
cracked, broken
broken, crushed
=== 11
full, stuffed
full, overloaded
full, overflowing
=== 12
zesty, spicy
zesty, hot
hot, spicy
flavorful, hot
=== 13
unstable, crazy
crazy, insane
=== 14
good, real
good, authentic
real, authentic
=== 15
clean, spotless
clean, immaculate
=== 16
realistic, feasible
possible, realistic
feasible, practical
possible, practical
possible, feasible
=== 17
impaired, disabled
sick, ill
ill, disabled
=== 18
rare, exceptional
rare, extraordinary
unusual, rare
uncommon, rare
extraordinary, exceptional
unusual, exceptional
uncommon, exceptional
uncommon, unusual
=== 19
unrealistic, impossible
impractical, impossible
=== 20
transnational, global
international, global
=== 21
concerned, preoccupied
concerned, obsessed
preoccupied, obsessed
=== 22
interesting, moving
interesting, exciting
exciting, thrilling
=== 23
subdued, quiet
=== 24
sweet, syrupy
sweet, sugary
=== 25
strong, intense
strong, overwhelming
strong, violent
intense, overwhelming
intense, violent
=== 26
desperate, hopeless
bleak, hopeless
=== 27
unfortunate, disastrous
unfortunate, fatal
disastrous, fatal
=== 28
negligent, reckless
careless, reckless
=== 29
strange, weird
funny, strange
strange, unusual
strange, eerie
funny, weird
unusual, weird
weird, eerie
funny, unusual
unusual, eerie
=== 30
valid, sound
reasonable, sound
=== 31
inexpensive, cheap
affordable, cheap
=== 32
accessible, visible
available, accessible
=== 33
refrigerated, frozen
chilly, cool
cool, cold
cool, frigid
cool, frozen
chilly, cold
cold, icy
cold, frigid
cold, frozen
=== 34
pleased, happy
content, happy
satisfied, happy
content, pleased
satisfied, pleased
satisfied, content
=== 35
misleading, false
misleading, fraudulent
misleading, deceptive
fraudulent, false
=== 36
needed, required
needed, necessary
needed, essential
needed, indispensable
necessary, required
essential, required
necessary, essential
necessary, indispensable
essential, indispensable
=== 37
some, many
many, numerous
=== 38
quiet, silent
quiet, inaudible
quiet, imperceptible
=== 39
wrong, sinful
wrong, immoral
wrong, evil
immoral, evil
=== 40
slim, thin
thin, gaunt
thin, emaciated
thin, skinny
thin, skeletal
slim, skinny
lean, skinny
=== 41
statewide, nationwide
nationwide, worldwide
=== 42
warm, stifling
warm, overheated
warm, sultry
warm, hot
=== 43
easy, simple
simple, painless
easy, painless
smooth, easy
easy, effortless
smooth, effortless
=== 44
plain, unattractive
plain, ugly
=== 45
like, same
equal, same
=== 46
widespread, general
general, universal
widespread, broad
broad, universal
widespread, universal
=== 47
cheap, bad
mediocre, bad
bad, worst
=== 48
attractive, pretty
beautiful, pretty
lovely, pretty
handsome, pretty
gorgeous, pretty
beautiful, attractive
handsome, attractive
gorgeous, attractive
lovely, beautiful
handsome, beautiful
gorgeous, beautiful
handsome, lovely
gorgeous, lovely
gorgeous, handsome
=== 49
thick, impenetrable
dense, impenetrable
=== 50
soft, inaudible
quiet, silent
quiet, inaudible
=== 51
unfriendly, hostile
cool, hostile
chilly, cool
=== 52
sizeable, large
large, huge
large, colossal
sizeable, big
big, huge
big, colossal
sizeable, huge
huge, colossal
=== 53
dual, triple
doubled, triple
double, treble
double, triple
double, quadruple
treble, quadruple
triple, quadruple
=== 54
scary, sinister
frightening, scary
scary, terrifying
creepy, scary
frightening, terrifying
creepy, frightening
creepy, terrifying
=== 55
some, few
few, fewer
=== 56
overlooked, forgotten
ignored, overlooked
neglected, forgotten
neglected, ignored
=== 57
old, obsolete
old, outdated
outdated, obsolete
=== 58
necessary, vital
necessary, indispensable
necessary, critical
vital, indispensable
vital, critical
=== 59
attractive, seductive
attractive, beautiful
beautiful, mesmerizing
=== 60
closed, shut
closed, sealed
=== 61
unexpected, astonishing
unexpected, stunning
stunning, astonishing
=== 62
indecent, profane
indecent, obscene
=== 63
attractive, sexy
attractive, seductive
=== 64
humbled, humiliated
humiliated, crushed
=== 65
intelligent, smart
clever, smart
smart, brilliant
bright, smart
clever, intelligent
intelligent, brilliant
bright, intelligent
clever, brilliant
bright, clever
bright, brilliant
=== 66
violent, murderous
violent, homicidal
=== 67
personal, private
private, secret
=== 68
higher, soaring
high, higher
=== 69
harmful, toxic
harmful, deadly
toxic, deadly
=== 70
small, smaller
small, tiny
small, micro
small, minute
small, minuscule
small, microscopic
smaller, midget
smaller, tiny
minute, tiny
minuscule, tiny
tiny, microscopic
minute, minuscule
=== 71
unrealistic, impossible
infeasible, impossible
impractical, impossible
impracticable, impossible
=== 72
mature, ripe
mature, overripe
ripe, overripe
=== 73
chubby, fat
overweight, fat
fat, obese
overweight, obese
=== 74
uncomfortable, uneasy
uncomfortable, painful
uneasy, painful
=== 75
cordial, warm
friendly, warm
warm, intimate
friendly, cordial
friendly, intimate
=== 76
cool, cold
cool, frigid
cool, frozen
cold, icy
cold, frigid
cold, frozen
=== 77
disappointed, frustrated
disappointed, defeated
=== 78
tight, snug
close, tight
=== 79
extensive, comprehensive
extensive, universal
extensive, complete
complete, comprehensive
general, universal
=== 80
alive, awake
awake, conscious
awake, aware
alive, conscious
alive, aware
aware, conscious
=== 81
interested, concerned
interested, involved
concerned, involved
=== 82
negative, hostile
critical, hostile
=== 83
hard, painful
hard, hopeless
=== 84
happy, content
happy, euphoric
=== 85
calm, cool
calm, serene
=== 86
unreliable, dangerous
dangerous, risky
dangerous, suicidal
=== END